website/integrations: coder (#14385)
goauthentik/authentik: website/integrations/services/coder/index.md

- **Application**: provide a descriptive name, an optional group for the type of application, the policy engine mode, and optional UI settings.
- **Choose a Provider type**: select **OAuth2/OpenID Connect** as the provider type.
- **Configure the Provider**: provide a name (or accept the auto-provided name), the authorization flow to use for this provider, and the following required configurations.
    - Note the **Client ID**,**Client Secret**, and **slug** values because they will be required later.
    - Set a `Strict` redirect URI to `https://coder.company/api/v2/users/oidc/callback`.
    - Select any available signing key.
- **Configure Bindings** _(optional)_: you can create a [binding](/docs/add-secure-apps/flows-stages/bindings/) (policy, group, or user) to manage the listing and access to applications on a user's **My applications** page.

3. Click **Submit** to save the new application and provider.

## Coder configuration

> To support the integration of Coder with authentik, update your `.env` file to include the following variables:

Reviewer: Since coder can be deployed in a few different ways, maybe change this to

```suggestion
To support the integration of Coder with authentik, add the following environment variables to your Coder deployment:
```

Or something similar

> ```yaml showLineNumbers title=".env"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```yaml showLineNumbers
```
